Rocsi:
Last week,
ten singers took the stage
for the most unlikely audition
in singing competition history,
not as themselves,
but as their very own
computer-generated alter ego.
( vocalizing )
eight of them
took one step closer
to becoming the world's
first digital superstar,
and two identities
were revealed to our judges
before being sent home.
This is freaking nutty-nuts.
Tonight...
♪ and I
five more unlikely singers
lay it all on the line.
Nevaeh: I've faced a lot
of challenges in my life,
and this is what
I see in the mirror.
Singing is not an accepted
thing in my religion.
- I'm actually a pastor.
- What?
♪ unleash the power
rocsi:  At stake,
a chance to win $100,000
and be mentored by our
superstar panel of judges...
I can't help but want
to meet the real you.
- All in hope of becoming...
- ♪ unleash the power
the first digital superstar
of our next generation.
You're right up there
with the greatest.
I'm just wondering
about the human behind this.
This is "alter ego."
rocsi:
Give it up for
your all-star judges
will.I.Am.,
alanis morissette,
grimes,
and nick lachey!
You guys ready for tonight?
You ready
for these auditions, grimes?
Yes. Yes.
I was very like, "yes, ma'am."
what are you looking for
tonight in these auditions?
I'm looking for
exploding head emoji.
- Okay.
- I'm looking to be,
like, blown away.
Also the connection
between the human being
behind the alter ego.
It'd be lovely to see
what stage they're at
with their relationship
with their alter egos.
Music has always pushed
the edge of the envelope,
and always pushed
the boundaries,
and that's why
I'm so happy and proud
to be a part of this show.
All right, obviously
it's a very different
judging experience
that's gonna be happening here.
You guys have no idea
of the human identity
of the person
that's actually singing.
Now it's time to meet
our first alter ego
the dawn majesty.
What the what the what?
All right, the dawn majesty,
I've got to ask you first
about your name.
Why can't it just
be dawn majesty?
Dawn majesty felt
a little too informal.
When you have the opportunity
to name yourself
and give yourself a title,
you choose a title.
I mean, come on!
Can I just say
how blown I am away
with the freaking
facial expressions and stuff?
Right, do you see this skirt?
- A lot of movement.
- Would you look at that?
A full skirt.
What?
You just, like,
blew my orange hat off.
Alanis: Besides confidence,
what qualities
are in this alter ego
that you want to foster in your
day to day human incarnation?
The dawn majesty
gets to bring forward
parts of my true self
that I have neglected,
parts that are a bit too strong,
maybe not vulnerable
or heartfelt enough.
My name is kaleia,
I'm 33 years old,
and I am originally
from orlando, florida.
My experience
in the music industry
has been a lot of ups and downs.
I was married for over a decade,
and I put off my career
for my marriage.
But it was my dream.
It was one of those dreams
I kind of gave up on.
And I've been through
so many things,
but that's still just
a very real truth in my life.
But I'm going through a divorce,
and I'll admit, I'm excited.
With the dawn
comes new beginnings,
so my alter ego's name
is the dawn majesty.
( vocalizing )
- just think about
your character.
-
The technology of the alter ego
is whatever I do,
whatever my movements are,
the alter ego does as well.
You don't realize
how awkward you are
until you're observing
yourself as a skeleton.
So there's sensors
on all of my joints,
and it goes through this process
of capturing that motion,
and the alter ego is completely
controlled by my movement.
What?
Absolutely incredible.
She is a superhero.
I want her to have a superpower.
Yes!
The dawn majesty
gives me a vehicle to know
that you can live your dreams,
you can fight for them,
and it's worth fighting for.
Are you ready to become
a digital superstar?
Oh, I am so ready.
Are you guys ready?
- Is everybody ready?
- We're ready.
Yes!
I think it's cool
when people come on here
with a message
they want to get across.
Yeah, I like that she's inverse
of some of the other ones, too.
She, like, presents confident
in the real world...
- But knows deep down--
- which I think it's, like,
a common thing.
♪ what's wrong with being
♪ what's so wrong with being
♪ what's wrong
♪ with being confident?
♪ time for me to take it
♪ I'm the boss right now
♪ not gonna fake it,
not when you go down ♪
♪ 'cause this is my game
♪ and you better come to play
♪ I used to hold my freak back
♪ now I'm letting go
♪ I make my own choice
♪ yeah, I run this show
♪ so leave the lights on
♪ no, you can't make me behave
♪ oh-oh, ooh, yeah
♪ so you say I'm complicated
♪ I must be out of my mind
♪ but you've had me underrated
♪ rated, rated
♪ what's wrong with being
whoa!
What the what?
♪ what's wrong with being
confident, oh, oh ♪
♪ what's wrong
with being confident? ♪
♪ oh, oh,
what's wrong with being ♪
♪ what's wrong with being
confident, hey, yeah ♪
yeah!
Yeah!
That's how you get it started!
And let's take a second
to give it up for the musicians
who are backing up each one
of these performers tonight:
Adam blackstone
and the alter ego band.
Now, the dawn majesty,
nick, I know you were
questioning the "the."
I'm just calling her
your majesty from now on.
- Right, for real.
- Your majesty.
I am humbled and honored
to perform for legends.
- I feel incredible.
- How confident
was her audition, nick?
As confident
as it possibly could be.
I mean, she came out of the gate
with so much energy
and so much confidence
and strength.
It was amazing.
Amazing.
I was blown away.
Yeah, I actually forgot
that there was someone
backstage singing.
I was just, like,
enthralled by the performance.
- I love the laser eyes.
- The freaking laser eyes!
Yo, what the what,
the what, the what?
- Alanis?
- When you came out to perform,
I mean, it was one
after the other.
Just like feminist icon
coming out just going,
"what is in fact wrong
with being confident?"
- you know?
- Will.I.Am: I'm sorry.
It's like--
I'm still blown away.
The dawn majesty,
as our first performer,
you can go ahead
and take your place
on the diamond.
Yeah.
Remember, the alter ego
who is standing on the diamond
at the end of the show
automatically advances
to the head-to-head round, okay?
There are four more alter egos
still to audition.
We'll be right back.
The age, where she's from...
Yeah, no.
I can't call this.
I have absolutely no idea.
♪ and I wish you joy
that was my favorite performance
of the whole competition.
Israa:
I need the alter ego
because I don't fit
the conventional idea
of a pop star.
- What the what?
- Was that tears?
- Wow!
- Yeah, man, for real.
I'm blown away
by this technology.
Rocsi:  Which alter egos
are advancing to the next round,
and who will reveal their
true identity to the judges?
- Yeah!
- Hi, nick.
- Whoa.
- You put me
in the friend zone.
Oh!
Here we go.
Places, everybody.
- Check, one, two.
- In three, two, one.
This is "alter ego,"
the singing competition
where one lucky contestant
gets the chance to become the
superstar
they were always meant to be.
It's time to meet
our next alter ego,
kingston sol.
I love being a pastor.
I love being able
to serve people.
But doing "alter ego,"
I can get a little bit wild.
My name is james peck,
I'm 35 years old,
and I do music ministry
particularly.
Church singing is not about
can I have
the craziest performance?
But the chance
of having an alter ego
gives me some freedom
just to, like, sing the hell
out of some songs.
We put on a bodysuit
which is really tight
and leaves nothing
to the imagination.
And it captures
our facial expressions,
how we sing, how we emote,
our body motions.
And by putting on our helmet
and our suit,
we become our alter egos.
Kingston sol gives me
a chance to be free.
Oh, my god.
A chance to be the artist
that I've always
dreamed of being.
It feels like he has
this physical presence.
I just want him
to have a lot of heart.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
That is exactly what I want.
He's got a big grin
and big hair.
I just wanted him
to be bigger than life.
♪ yeah
I think it would be so fun
to kind of just play
and have fun onstage.
Yeah!
Hey, kingston sol.
- Hey, he looks cool.
- Robin: I see you.
I'm getting, like,
a nick nolte vibe here
or something.
Or, like, who's the guy--
is it meatloaf?
- Hey!
- Aloha.
- How you feeling today?
- I'm feeling the vibes.
I'm feeling good.
Why is his booty
shaking like that?
I got that booty,
I'm telling ya.
So, kingston sol.
So s-o-l, does it mean "sun"?
What does it mean to you?
Well, you nailed it
right on the head for me.
- "sol" as latin for "sun."
- right.
And I'm all
about love and light.
Mmm.
I love that.
The gentle giant.
- What do you do for a living?
- "I booty shake."
I'm actually a pastor,
and I've been a spiritual leader
for a long time of my life.
It's okay, will.
We can party in church.
I swear to god,
I did not mean to say
that the pastor was
booty shaking for a living.
- I did not mean none of that.
- Kingston: It's okay.
It's all good.
Okay, are you ready
to sing for us, kingston sol?
Yeah, I'm ready to sing.
- Take it away.
- Thanks.
I wonder if, like--
"what do you want
your avatar to do?"
and he was like,
"yo, make my booty jiggle."
"I need my booty jiggling."
♪ hey, hey
♪ yeah
♪ used to spend my nights
out in a bottle ♪
♪ yeah
♪ liquor was the only love
I've known ♪
♪ but you rescued me
♪ reaching for the bottom
♪ and brought me back
♪ from being too far gone
♪ you're as smooth
♪ as tennessee whisky
♪ you're as sweet
♪ as strawberry wine
♪ you're as warm
♪ as a glass of brandy
♪ and, honey, I stay stoned
♪ on your love all the time
♪ ooh
♪ I stay stoned on your love
♪ all the time
♪ yeah
- whoo-whoo!
- Man.
Came to play tonight.
Oh, my goodness,
I think all the girls
were, like, swooning in here.
- Oh, man!
- It's not just
the girls swooning.
- I'm swooning now.
- Kingston: Oh, nick!
You was, like, crouched down
and freaking hearts
was coming out your chest.
I'm like,
"yo, what the what the what?"
well, kingston sol,
you did absolutely amazing.
But was it enough
to knock the dawn majesty
off the diamond?
Judges,
it is that time to decide.
Kingston, when you came out,
I had no idea
what genre of music
or how your voice would be,
- and it was
a pleasant surprise.
- Awesome. Thank you.
And I could tell that you
were one with the song.
I totally resonate
with that idea of being lost
and then being found by love,
so, yeah.
- Grimes: Yeah.
- I could really feel
your connection to the lyrics,
and that was palpable.
Grimes: Oh, my god!
He has real tears.
- Alanis: Oh!
- What the what the what?
- Is that tears?
- Grimes: Yeah.
Will.I.Am:
Wow, are you for real for real?
- Yeah, man, for real.
- I'm really blown away
by this technology.
The dawn majesty,
I loved your performance,
but I believe kingston sol
resonated with me
in a way that
is going to kindly,
in a canadian-american way,
ask you to jump off that diamond
to make space for him.
Rocsi: All right.
Grimes?
Kingston, I thought you
actually had the best sfx.
Those hearts were awesome.
But, dawn, I think you
might be the best pop star
I've seen so far.
- ( gasps )
- wow!
So I'll keep dawn
on the diamond.
Rocsi: All right.
So it's one and one right now.
Nick?
Kingston sol, I am so intrigued
by your alter ego.
Your message,
it's just so impactful,
and that's the thing
making me put kingston sol
on the diamond.
Rocsi: Wow.
Okay.
We have two votes
for kingston sol
and one vote
for the dawn majesty.
Will, it is all on you.
So, the dawn majesty's
performance was majestic,
and her power was,
like, earth-shattering.
And I didn't think
that there was any competition
until kingston sol came up.
You got a cool personality,
and when you were singing,
that s-o-l became s-o-u-l.
My mom would be like,
"now that boy could sang."
this is a tough one.
Are you on the sol train or not?
Uh...
Aloha, bro.
I'm going with sol.
- Yeah!
- Awesome.
- Congratulations,
kingston sol.
- Robin: Kingston sol!
You knocked the dawn majesty
off her spot of the diamond,
which means the dawn majesty
is now in jeopardy
of going home later.
But it's okay.
Coming up, three more
very special singers
are going to wow the judges.
This is "alter ego" on fox.
Kingston sol rocked it,
and it is unbelievable
to be the artist
I've always wanted to be.
Welcome back.
This is "alter ego."
kingston sol,
currently on the diamond,
safe from elimination.
For the moment.
And, judges, while you keep
on guessing who they are,
me and my friends at home
will keep on meeting the people
behind their alter egos,
like the one who created
night journey.
It's really easy to look at me
and make assumptions as to,
like, who I am as a person.
But I'm 100% out
to break the stereotypes.
I need an alter ego
because I don't fit
the conventional idea
of a pop star.
I'm israa,
I'm lebanese-american,
and I'm a singer-songwriter.
I've always liked to sing,
even though it's not necessarily
an accepted thing
in my religion or my culture.
And because of that,
people look at me,
and they assume that
I'm doing something bad.
At first, I got a lot of hate,
a lot of people telling me
that I was going to hell
for making music.
I got people telling me
to take off my hijab
if I want to make it in music,
which is, like, super offensive.
My interpretation
is that music is empathy
and empathy is love,
and my religion,
islam, means "peace."
so it's peace
and love and music,
and that's all connected to me.
My alter ego's name
is night journey.
Night journey
actually is my name.
Israa means
"night journey" in arabic.
When I perform, I really,
really want her to glow.
That is so dope.
Night journey brings me courage,
and she empowers me.
I would love to win "alter ego."
I want to prove that
a muslim girl can be a pop star.
You know, things are changing,
and it's really cool.
I'm a part of that change,
that's why it's so cool.
- Hey!
- Nick: Okay.
Night journey,
I think you have
the most beautiful name
and the most beautiful alter ego
we've seen here tonight.
- So, yeah.
- Thank you.
You serving looks today.
We serving looks out here.
Where are you from,
night journey?
- I am from the dark.
- Wow!
- That's where I'm from.
- "where you from?"
"I'm from the dark."
"we serving looks."
I'm from the dark, too.
Dark skin.
- Yeah, you are.
- Hey!
- Come on! Nick!
- Whoo!
So, night journey,
a lot of people tend
to dream in the night.
So I'm curious,
what's your dream?
My dream is to be
right here where I'm standing.
This is amazing,
this is such a cool opportunity,
and I'm so happy to be here.
This is actually
my first audition.
- Wow. Wow.
- My first big audition.
- Whoa.
- I've always been different.
I've always been
more of an outsider.
And this was an opportunity
for me to be a musician,
for me to be a singer,
and to put everything
else aside.
And that's why I'm here.
I'm here to shine my light.
Well, I would love to hear
what you have
to perform for us tonight.
This is the best character
design, for sure.
♪ waking up to kiss you
and nobody's there ♪
♪ the smell of your perfume
still stuck in the air ♪
♪ it's hard
♪ yesterday, I thought I saw
your shadow running round ♪
oh, that's so good!
♪ it's funny how things
never change in this old town ♪
♪ so far
♪ from the stars
♪ and I want to tell you
everything ♪
♪ the words I never got to say
♪ the first time around
♪ and I remember everything
♪ from when we were the children
playing in this fairground ♪
♪ wish I was there
with you now ♪
♪ if the whole world
was watching ♪
♪ I'd still dance with you
♪ drive highways and byways
to be there with you ♪
♪ over and over,
the only truth ♪
♪ everything comes back to you
beautiful.
♪ you still make me nervous
when you walk in the room ♪
♪ and butterflies,
they come alive ♪
♪ when I'm next to you
♪ over and over,
the only truth ♪
♪ everything comes back to you
♪ everything comes back
♪ back to you
rocsi: Amazing and beautiful.
You said that you felt
like an outsider,
but, girl, you sitting at
the cool kids table right now.
- How you feeling?
- I feel like it.
I feel amazing.
It is time for the judges
to decide
whether your audition was enough
to take the diamond
from kingston sol.
Grimes?
Yeah, that was
my favorite performance
of the whole competition.
Robin: Wow.
Oh, my god.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, I actually had chills,
which is hard.
- I feel like that's--
- girl, don't make me cry
right now.
I am such a huge fan
of you, grimes.
And any time you want
to borrow this fit,
you know,
my wardrobe is your wardrobe.
- So this, all this--
- you guys are
swapping clothes already?
Yeah, I have to say,
I think you should be
on the diamond.
- Thank you so much.
Thank you.
- All right.
What you just did
is wow an audience
with your simplicity
and your storytelling.
A lot of times, in my opinion,
that's harder to do
than to do some crazy riff,
and it's more impressive.
But there was something about
kingston sol's performance
that just puts it
slightly over the top for me,
so I want to keep kingston sol
on top of that diamond.
Rocsi: Okay.
All right, one and one
right now.
Will?
Night journey's audition
was awesome.
I loved your answer
on where you're from.
I'm still flipping on that.
It's pretty gangsta, right?
No, that's--
that's beyond gangster there.
That's beyond, yeah.
But my mama
is gonna get mad at me
if I don't keep kingston sol
up there on that diamond.
Rocsi: Wow.
Well, okay.
So far we have two votes
for kingston sol
and one vote for night journey.
It just--it's a lot of pressure
right now, alanis.
- I feel sorry for you.
- Thank you for your empathy.
There are so many details
in your alter ego aesthetic
and then also the performance
and the song choice.
It was just a nice blend of
everything that I love the most,
- so I'm gonna
make this a tie...
- What?
Alanis:
...And choose night journey.
Rocsi: Okay, since the judges
have voted for a tie,
guess what, audience?
It is up to you guys to decide
who gets to go up
on that diamond.
Please vote now.
Kingston sol or night journey?
The votes have been counted,
and I can now confirm
that the audience voted for...
Kingston sol.
You get to stay
up on the diamond.
Sadly, that means
that night journey
is now at risk
of being eliminated
at the end of the show.
- No!
- After the break,
a performer who is ready
to push boundaries
and change
how the world sees her.
More "alter ego" on fox
after this.
Nick: Yeah!
I feel like she's young
with an old soul, though.
Yeah, super old soul.
I keep tripping on the fact
that there's somebody backstage
singing all this stuff
that we never get to see,
you know?
Welcome back to "alter ego."
now please give it up
for nevaeh king.
- Whoa, cool.
- Okay!
Nick: Okay.
Yes!
Hey.
- Nevaeh king.
- Yes, yes.
Wow, thanks
for coming here tonight.
- I think will likes you.
- Hi, will.
- Hi, nick!
- Oh! Whoa. Oh!
I've had a crush on him
for a very long time.
Well, tell me a little bit more
about yourself then.
- Let's speed date.
- Speed date.
Why do you feel like
you need an alter ego?
Well, I faced a lot
of challenges in my life,
and this is what I see
in the mirror.
Love it.
My whole life,
I've had people try to put me
in some pretty box,
but I've always been an oddity.
And as nevaeh, I get to match
the look and the sound as one.
My name is jay miah,
and I am the voice
behind nevaeh king.
Based on looks, I'm a man,
but I've had a lot of people
assume I was a woman
when I sing.
So with nevaeh,
I'm able to get people
to fall in love
with my natural voice
and not come with any pretenses.
So becoming nevaeh king
has been a really fun process.
Wow!
Yes.
This is exactly
what I'm talking about.
Nevaeh is totally
a glamour goddess.
I myself, as jay,
wouldn't necessarily
flirt with nick.
But onstage as nevaeh,
it's all in fun.
I know nevaeh king can be
the next major superstar.
I don't want to be
eliminated round one.
I know I'm going to shine.
♪ and I
♪ will always love you
♪ I will always
♪ love you
♪ you
♪ I hope
♪ life treats you kind
♪ and I hope
♪ you have all you
♪ dreamed of
♪ and I wish you joy
♪ and happiness
♪ but above all this
♪ I wish you
♪ love
♪ and I
♪ will always love you
♪ I will always
♪ love you
♪ I, I will always
♪ love
♪ you
♪ I will always love
flawless.
Spectacular.
It just got harder.
First of all,
let me just say this.
I felt like you were singing
that entire song to me.
Oh, yes.
It's so awesome
to be able to exude
this character and become her.
Rocsi: I love it.
Well, it's one thing
to impress the judges
with your audition.
But it's another
to impress them enough
to make it on the diamond.
This is so hard.
Does kingston sol
get to stay on the diamond
or does nevaeh king
get to take his place?
Kingston sol is my man,
and he and I are gonna
have drinks later at the bar,
but nevaeh king belongs
on that diamond.
All right.
Yeah, that was sick.
Both of you guys
represent futurism
in a unique way that
I haven't really seen before.
Nevaeh, I think you're
one of the best looking
alter egos of this whole thing,
and I am gonna vote for nevaeh
to go on the diamond.
Rocsi:
That's two votes right there.
Alanis, dying to know
what you think.
I love your voice,
nevaeh, so much.
But kingston sol,
I just resonate with
your frequency in a big way,
so I'm gonna keep kingston sol
up on that diamond.
- Nick: Okay.
- We're 2-1 right now.
- Will?
- Before she sung,
nevaeh knocked my socks off.
Then she revealed
her crush with nick
and put me in the friend zone.
But you brought it,
like, for real,
and that level of talent
not on the radio
or not having albums out,
that breaks my heart.
So, nevaeh on the diamond.
All right!
Nevaeh king, congratulations.
Yeah!
Which means kingston sol
is now in danger
of being eliminated
at the end of the show.
A lot is gonna happen.
Stick around,
because we'll be right back.
- I picture maybe 50-ish?
- Yeah?
That's where the show
gets me, though,
'cause I could be
completely off.
Like, she could be anything.
This is "alter ego,"
and I am rocsi diaz.
Have you guys been impressed
with the auditions tonight?
I don't want
to send anyone home.
Well, we're gonna have to.
- Do we really have to?
- Yep, we really have to.
52 people on that diamond.
Let's do this.
Well, there's only one
alter ego left,
and no everyone at home
gets a chance to learn
about st. Luna.
I'm a little nervous.
I don't like being on camera.
The being onstage part
of performing
is probably
my least favorite part of it.
My name is sarah eisen, I am 21,
and I am from
berkeley, california.
When I was 12
and I started modeling,
I looked really old for my age,
and I was being perceived
as an adult woman really young.
And it created
a very nuanced relationship
with my body
from a really young age.
I think this show
allows me to take away
that aspect of being a musician,
and the way I look
shouldn't be necessary
for me to have
a career in music.
♪ rise up like I'm marching
through the fire ♪
the name of my alter ego
is st. Luna.
I've been working
with the team to try
and really customize it.
Oh, wow.
Is there any way that
we could change the pants?
Oh, yeah, that's better.
I like that.
St. Luna,
I really wanted her to be
this super strong,
confident woman.
I think that st. Luna sets me up
in a really good way.
I think that we could do
really well together.
♪ rise up
yeah!
What's up, st. Luna?
Let's start with the name.
St. Luna is very cool.
Do you feel bonded
to your alter ego?
Yeah, I think
we're still figuring
each other out a little bit.
We're exploring
our relationship.
- Right.
- Yeah, it's definitely new.
What is cool
about "alter ego" to me
is I can separate my music
from my image,
and I get to have
bodily autonomy.
- Alanis: Nice.
- That's what I'm really
looking for here.
Well, let's hear it.
We're ready to hear it.
I hope she's good,
'cause she looks great.
The bar has been set
pretty darn high.
♪ he left no time to regret
♪ kept his lips wet
♪ with his same old safe bet
♪ me
♪ and my head high
♪ and my tears dry
♪ get on without my guy
♪ we only said good-bye
with words ♪
♪ I died a hundred times
♪ you go back to her
♪ and I go back to
♪ we only said good-bye
with words ♪
♪ I died a hundred times
♪ you go back to her
♪ and I go back to
♪ black
( vocalizing )
♪ and I go back to
♪ I go
♪ back to black
I'm up again!
St. Luna, way to close it out
on these auditions right now.
Oh, stop.
It's time to figure out
if it was enough to earn you
that spot on
the diamond tonight.
This is a huge decision.
Grimes, what did
you think of st. Luna?
Should she be on the diamond?
I voted nevaeh up there,
so I think she's great.
But I just think st. Luna
seemed more futuristic,
and I think you're using
the technology really well.
Like, I just think you look sick
and probably the best
of the night.
So I'm gonna vote
for st. Luna...
- Okay.
- Into the diamond.
That is one for st. Luna.
Nick?
There was something
that really drew me in.
You were so soulful.
And I love the approach
of the song, too,
and that's why I would like
to put st. Luna on the diamond.
Wow.
Will?
St. Luna, you were awesome.
Your voice is spectacular.
To nevaeh, although you
put me in the friend zone...
Oh!
You brought it, like, for real.
So I'ma keep you
on the diamond, girl.
Oh!
Well, right now we're
at two votes for st. Luna,
one for nevaeh.
Alanis, no pressure.
"back to black" is one of
my favorite songs in the world,
so you definitely had
a little extra edge for me.
- And you performed it
beautifully.
- Thank you.
St. Luna, you're going
straight to the next round.
What?
Thank you so--
oh, thank you!
Rocsi:
Congratulations to st. Luna.
You can take your place
on that diamond right now.
Okay!
And since you are the last
contestant of the night
to be on the diamond,
you automatically advance
to the next round.
We're gonna see you
in the head-to-head.
Right now, our in-studio
audience will vote
for their favorite alter ego.
The two that get the most votes
advance to the next round
along with st. Luna.
Then it will be up to our judges
to decide which of
the remaining two alter egos
stay in the competition,
and which one will reveal
their true identity
to the judges and go home.
Don't go anywhere.
It's gonna suck when
we have to kick someone off.
Easily my least favorite part
of this whole thing.
Everybody, places.
Going to rocsi in three, two...
Welcome back to "alter ego."
four contestants remain,
and only three of them
will move on.
We've tallied
the audience's votes,
and the top two alter egos
advancing to the next round,
in no particular order, are...
Nevaeh king!
And...
Kingston sol!
Congratulations.
You will be moving on
to the head-to-heads
with st. Luna.
And now it's in your hands,
judges.
My heart's beating.
Rocsi: You have to decide
which one of these alter egos
gets to stay in the competition
and which one will reveal
their true identity
and go home tonight.
So, first off,
dawn majesty was awesome.
I feel like night journey
has a lot of pain.
I feel like
there's some depth in her.
There's a lot of soulful,
spiritual symbolism.
- Was she the best one?
- I don't know. Um...
This is so tough.
- Are we all...
- Yeah.
Let's do it.
Rocsi:
Between the dawn majesty
and night journey,
who is going home?
Judges, what is your decision?
The truth is,
we would love to see
where both your journeys go,
but at the end of the day...
...The night journey
is who we'd like to have
head to the next round.
Rocsi: All right!
Congratulations
to the night journey.
You move on to the head-to-head.
The dawn majesty,
we would really love for you
to sing one last time for us
and reveal your true identity
to the judges.
- Yeah!
- It would be a pleasure.
I don't want
to regret my choice.
I know I'm about to.
♪ I'm not a stranger
to the dark ♪
♪ hide away, they say
♪ we don't want
your broken parts ♪
♪ we are bursting
through the barricades ♪
♪ and reaching for the sun
- ♪ we are warriors
- yeah!
♪ yeah,
that's what we've become ♪
♪ won't let them break me
down to dust ♪
♪ 'cause I know that
there's a place for us ♪
♪ for we are glorious
♪ and I know that
I deserve your love ♪
♪ there's nothing
I'm not worthy of ♪
( vocalizing )
come on!
♪ I'm not scared to be seen
♪ I make no apologies
♪ this is me
yeah!
Yes!
Judges, I would like
to introduce you
to kaleia, aka the dawn majesty.
There's a unique place in hell
for judges like us.
Hey, not me!
I voted for you, girl.
Appreciate you, will.I.Am.
- Will.I.Am: Your range is,
like, powerful.
- Thank you.
Of course, we were wondering
about the human behind this.
So, of course, I was picturing
all kinds of versions
of what you may be,
and they're all wrong.
I'm blown away.
We were, like,
having massive regrets.
You're, like,
an unbelievable singer. Sorry.
- Oh, thank you.
- Yeah.
What would you like to say
to your alter ego?
Thank you
for being strong for me,
and thank you for letting me
step forward as myself.
And I am not scared to be seen.
Kaleia, thank you so much
for being here tonight.
I cannot wait to see
what happens next week.
We'll see you then.
Good night.
That was sick.